Отправка для iOS
Нерешенные проблемы

Ваша версия приложения отклонена, и ни один из отправленных объектов не может быть принят или утвержден. Вы можете внести изменения в версию приложения ниже.

Отправленные объекты (1)
Ниже вы можете просмотреть и внести изменения в объекты, а также связаться с Apple. Принятые объекты останутся недоступными для выпуска, пока все объекты с проблемами не будут отправлены повторно и приняты. Вы также можете удалить эти объекты и отправить их позже.
Объект
Тип
Статус проверки
Действие
iOS, приложение 1.0

2.0.2 (5)

Версия приложения
Отклонено
1.2.0 Safety: User Generated Content

2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

2.3.3 Performance: Accurate Metadata

2.3.8 Performance: Accurate Metadata

3.1.2 Business: Payments - Subscriptions

5.1.1 Legal: Privacy - Data Collection and Storage

5bcda35ac0d728151b65423cd685d52505ede911.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134302.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134341.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134450.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134508.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134503.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134642.pngЗагрузить
Screenshot-0122-134702.pngЗагрузить
Изменить

Сообщения (1)

AppleСегодня в 14:50
Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: 18cb46e8-7326-4448-aa8d-3badf8a2ae17
Review date: January 22, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 13-inch iPad screenshots do not show the actual app in use in the majority of the screenshots. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 2.3.8 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The app name displayed on app marketplaces and the app name displayed on the device do not sufficiently match, which makes it difficult for users to find apps they have downloaded. These names do not need to match exactly, but they need to be similar to avoid confusion.

Marketplace app name: Tompis

Name displayed on the device: NOVA

Next Steps

Change one or both names so they are more similar and the user can easily locate the app they downloaded. Do not change the Bundle Identifier, which is used to uniquely identify the app. 

Resources

- Learn how to view and edit app information.
- Learn how to manage an app's information property list.


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The submission includes content that is not complete and final. 

Specifically, the app has coding references in titles and descriptions.

Users expect the apps they download to be ready for public use and should not include incomplete or placeholder content. Apps shouldn't include placeholder or incomplete content or information.

Next Steps

Revise the app and metadata so that all of its content is complete and final.

Resources 

Learn about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(a).



Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: when we tapped on the Privacy Policy link this retuned an error message in Safari.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.2

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. Since your app may be downloaded onto iPad devices, it is important that it also function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.



Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, when we tried to purchase the subscription the button was unresponsive. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.2

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the in-app purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to monthly subscription but the associated in-app purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your in-app purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit in-app purchases for review. Learn more about required in-app purchase metadata.

Resources 

Learn more about how to offer in-app purchases in App Store Connect Developer Help.


Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. If the app already supports account deletion, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and identify where to locate this feature.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.


Guideline 1.2 - Safety - User Generated Content

Your app enables users to post content anonymously but does not have the proper precautions in place.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your app to implement all of the following precautions:

- Age rating must reflect 18+
- Require that users agree to terms (EULA) and these terms must make it clear that there is no tolerance for objectionable content or abusive users
- A method for filtering objectionable content
- A mechanism for users to flag objectionable content
- A mechanism for users to block abusive users
- A mechanism for users to immediately remove posts from the feed
- Developer must act on objectionable content reports within 24 hours by removing the content and ejecting the user who provided the offending content
- Developer must provide contact information in the app itself, giving users the ability to report inappropriate activity


Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included within the app:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA)

You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the app and App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the in-app purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

